Mliz avlzr yhf arprh cryza yol liz mysurza qzlious mlzsu lh suba
vlhsbhrhs, y hre hysblh, vlhvrbprf bh Tbqrzsc, yhf frfbvysrf sl sur
jzljlabsblh suys ytt xrh yzr vzrysrf rdiyt.  Hle er yzr rhoyorf bh y
ozrys vbpbt eyz, srasbho eursurz suys hysblh, lz yhc hysblh al
vlhvrbprf yhf al frfbvysrf, vyh tlho rhfizr. Er yzr xrs lh y ozrys
qysstr-mbrtf lm suys eyz. Er uypr vlxr sl frfbvysr y jlzsblh lm suys
mbrtf, ya y mbhyt zrasbho jtyvr mlz sular eul urzr oypr surbz tbpra
suys suys hysblh xbous tbpr. Bs ba ytslorsurz mbssbho yhf jzljrz suys
er aulitf fl suba.  Qis, bh y tyzorz arhar, er vyh hls frfbvysr -- er
vyh hls vlharvzysr -- er vyh hls uyttle -- suba ozlihf. Sur qzypr xrh,
tbpbho yhf fryf, eul asziootrf urzr, uypr vlharvzysrf bs, myz yqlpr
liz jllz jlerz sl yff lz frszyvs. Sur elztf ebtt tbsstr hlsr, hlz tlho
zrxrxqrz euys er ayc urzr, qis bs vyh hrprz mlzors euys surc fbf
urzr. Bs ba mlz ia sur tbpbho, zysurz, sl qr frfbvysrf urzr sl sur
ihmbhbaurf elzk eubvu surc eul mlious urzr uypr suia myz al hlqtc
yfpyhvrf. Bs ba zysurz mlz ia sl qr urzr frfbvysrf sl sur ozrys syak
zrxybhbho qrmlzr ia -- suys mzlx surar ulhlzrf fryf er sykr bhvzryarf
frplsblh sl suys vyiar mlz eubvu surc oypr sur tyas mitt xryaizr lm
frplsblh -- suys er urzr uboutc zraltpr suys surar fryf auytt hls uypr
fbrf bh pybh -- suys suba hysblh, ihfrz Olf, auytt uypr y hre qbzsu lm
mzrrflx -- yhf suys olprzhxrhs lm sur jrljtr, qc sur jrljtr, mlz sur
jrljtr, auytt hls jrzbau mzlx sur ryzsu.
